## Week 1 Write-Up
Week 1 was a great introduction into malware with lectures provided by the Director of threat intelligence at McAfee Labs whom of which discussed a wide variety of topics while including very relevant information. After viewing all lecture material I was thoroughly intrigued by the material provided covering malware which I would like to discuss in more detail. Some of the topics discussed pertained to malwares existence, Careers dealing with anti-malware, security terminology, Advanced Persistent Threats (APT's), and tactics/strategies.

### Malware's Existence
One of the main questions asked in the lecture was 'why does malware exist?'. During discussion a number of reasons were discussed such as political gain, financial gain, reconnaissance on an individual/group, denial of services, and destroying systems due to having the capability. From the discussion we can see like a number of harmful aspects to industries malware itself exists due to motives from other individuals. I always found motives as proof that no matter what industry you are in if there are tools to build/improve then they can be abused to destroy/harm others which for this class is software being utilized for malware. 

### Careers/Roles in Developing Anti-Malware
Careers in developing Anti-Malware began arising in the early 90's with very few positions being offered at first and mostly pertained to working for a computer anti-virus research organization. Since then the anti-malware scene has significantly increased with a huge rise in career opportunities and research due to software becoming such an integral part in society. Software security and malware research has grown into a massive billion dollar aspect of the computer indsutry. While positions and roles may very in the development/research of anti-malware they have similar goals they wish to obtain. Those goals consist of finding solutions to safe computing, identifying threats, and using best practices to handle threats. Particular tasks discussed by our lecturer were how members of his team had to not only identify threats but also develop countermeasures for each unique threat while using multiple perspectives on the situation to get a good grasp on what they are dealing with as well as how it should be dealt with. 

### Malware/Security Terminology
-asdf
